1.Who is Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj?
Satguru Rampal Ji Maharaj is the “Tatvadarshi Saint” or the “Baakhabar” about whom there is a mention in the Holy Gita and the Holy Quran respectively. He is the only One who provides true spiritual knowledge free of cost and guarantees salvation. His speech is pious and divine are His teachings, which have transformed the lives of His disciples towards the best.

2.History of Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj
Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj (Baba Rampal Ji) was born on 8th September 1951 in village Dhanana, Tehsil Gohana, district Sonipat, Haryana, India. His father’s name is Bhagat Nandram and the name of His mother is Bhagatmati Indrodevi. After He obtained a Diploma in Engineering, Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj was appointed as a J.E. in the Irrigation Department of the Haryana Government. Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj is married and has four children (In reality, all the souls, be they inside the cover of a human or any other life form, are Saint Rampal Ji’s children and He is making tireless efforts constantly to save us from this mortal world).
Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj was religious from a young age. Before coming under the refuge of Almighty God Kabir, Saint Rampal Ji used to worship Hanuman Ji, recited the Hanuman Chalisa seven times daily, and visited a famous Hanuman temple in Salasar, district Churu, Rajasthan, India. Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj also worshipped Lord Vishnu, Shri Krishna Ji, and Khatu Shyam Ji. Despite performing these devotional practices with a pure heart, Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj did not receive any spiritual benefits, and his quest to attain God remained unfulfilled. Therefore, He came under the shelter of Almighty God Kabir and received the ultimate treasure that can completely set the soul free.

3.What is the age of Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj?
Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj was born on 8th September 1951 in village Dhanana, Tehsil Gohana, district Sonipat, Haryana, India. Thus, in the worldly view, He is 69 years old at present (year 2021). Keep reading further to know Saint Rampal Ji’s real age.

4.Why is Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj known as Baba Rampal?
Fake and sold-out Indian media highlighted the name of Jagatguru Tatvadarshi Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj as Baba Rampal Ji during Barwala Kaand in 2014 to create a negative image about Him in the minds of the general public. Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj was even compared with other gurus, who are absolutely fake and are playing with the precious lives of God-loving souls. This was an act of sheer negligence and shame on the part of the Indian media, who also played a negative role by not carrying out any investigation, which was their sole responsibility.

Satguru ke sijda karu,
Karam kataae kot|
Jo aise Satguru ki ninda kre,
Yamm todenge honth||

Indian media aggravated the incident and made false claims about Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj and His disciples. This was done in order to refrain people from listening to the heart-mending spiritual discourses of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj, to keep them chained in this mortal land.

Also, the fake gurus got extremely worried about their earning source because Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj was speaking the truth fearlessly on national television, showing how these fake gurus misled the devotee community.

Tatavbhed koi na kahe rai jhoomakra,
Paise upar naach suno rai jhoomakra|
Kotyon madhya koi nahi rai jhoomakra,
Arabo me koi garak suno rai jhoomakra||

To illustrate this fact, Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj Ji showed the book written by Maharishi Dayanand Saraswati, called Satyarth Prakash, and highlighted the filth and trash written in that book, which filled the Acharyas of Arya Samaaj with anger. Not just this, other fake gurus also give arbitrary worship to the devotees, which does more harm than good and fills their lives with problems. All these things were being told by Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj, showing every evidence for the same. Thus, all the so-called intelligent tiers got together and planned this conspiracy to let Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj down.

Even after making so many false claims against Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj, His spiritual knowledge is being listened to and acted upon in numerous homes. After the Barwala incident, the disciple count, which was supposed to decrease, actually increased by manifolds! After listening to the sacred spiritual discourses of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj, people are coming under His refuge by taking initiation and are leaving all malpractices, which were acting as a hurdle in their lives. Thus, Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj is the only One leading the world towards modest living & scripture-based worship because He alone is our Saviour.

5.What is the caste of Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj?
Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj (Baba Rampal Ji) was born in a family of Hindus and belongs to the ‘Jaat’ community from Haryana, India. Read further to know His actual caste.

Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj told us that God is One, so should His children be! We are falsely separated through the barriers of religion and caste, but, in reality, we are all the children of Almighty God Kabir.

Jeev hamari jaati hai,
Maanav dharam hamara|
Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, Isaai,
Koi dharam nahi hai nyaara||

Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj told us that our race is living being and mankind is our religion. Hinduism, Islam, Sikhism, and Christianity, there is no separate religion. Therefore, Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj is re-establishing humanity, peace, and brotherhood through His pious spiritual discourses.

6.Who was the Guru of Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj?
Kabir Panthi Swami Ramdevanand Ji Maharaj was the Guru of Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj. Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj took initiation (Naam-Updesh) from His Venerable Gurudev on 17th February 1988.
Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj said that when He met Swami Ramdevanand Ji Maharaj, Swami Ramdevanand Ji was 107 years of age. When Swami Ramdevanand Ji Maharaj Ji started imparting true spiritual knowledge to Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj, He could not accept that as the truth; though everything told by Swami Ramdevanand Ji Maharaj was scripture-based. Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj cross-checked the Holy Books that were mentioned by Swami Ramdevanand Ji during their conversation. He found that every word Swami Ramdevanand Ji spoke was true. Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj, then, took initiation from Swami Ramdevanand Ji Maharaj Ji and devoted Himself to true worship as told by Swami Ramdevanand Ji Maharaj Ji.

7. What is the Guru Tradition of Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj?
Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj belongs to the lineage of Great Saint Garibdas Ji Maharaj from village Chhudani, district Jhajjar, Haryana, India. Almighty God Kabir was the Guru of Sant Garibdas Ji Maharaj. Readers may please have a look at the Guru Tradition of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj, which is as follows:

God Kabir (Kashi, Uttar Pradesh)
Bandichhor Garibdas Ji Maharaj (Chhudani, Jhajjar, Haryana)
Sant Sheetaldas Ji Maharaj (Barhana, Rohtak, Haryana)
Sant Dhyandas Ji Maharaj
Sant Ramdas Ji Maharaj
Sant Brahmanand Ji Maharaj (Karontha, Rohtak, Haryana)
Sant Jugtanand Ji Maharaj
Sant Gangeshwaranand Ji Maharaj (Bajidpur, Delhi)
Sant Chitanand Ji Maharaj (Gopalpur Dhaam, Sonipat, Haryana)
Swami Ramdevanand Ji Maharaj (Talwandi Bhaai, Ferozpur, Punjab)
Sant Rampal Das Ji Maharaj

8. When did Sant Rampal ji Maharaj take name initiation?
As already told, Satguru Rampal Ji Maharaj had a great desire to attain God and He did many spiritual practices since childhood itself, but, He did not receive any spiritual benefit from the same. Finally, His search for finding and attaining God ended, when He came under the shelter of Swami Ramdevanand Ji Maharaj and took initiation (Naam Updesh) from Him on 17th February 1988.

Swami Ramdevanand Ji Maharaj, seeing Saint Rampal Ji’s piousness and interest in attaining salvation, gave Him the First mantra (first stage of true worship) and Satnaam (second stage of true worship) on the same day. Then, after a week only, Swami Ramdevanand Ji granted Saarnaam (the third stage of true worship) to Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj.

After that, in 1993, Swami Ramdevanand Ji Maharaj asked Saint Rampal Ji to deliver spiritual discourses (Satsang). Later, in 1994, Swami Ramdevanand Ji Maharaj entrusted the great responsibility of granting name initiation, i.e., to become a Guru to Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj.

Since then, Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj has been delivering spiritual discourses and working selflessly to save souls from the deadly trap they have been stuck in since the yugas. Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj is the epitome of generosity and sacrifice, making tireless efforts every microsecond to build a humane society free from all evils.

9. Almighty God Kabir met Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj?
Almighty God Kabir appeared before Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj in March 1997 on ‘Phalgun Shudhi Ekam’. He asked Him to deliver the true spiritual knowledge to all souls and to provide salvation mantras — “Satnaam” and “Saarnaam” — to the whole world; the evidence of which is found in Shrimad Bhagwat Gita - Chapter 17, Verse 23. These mantras have been mentioned as Om-Tat-Sat (Tat and Sat being indicative, which can be decoded only by the Real Saint, who is none other than Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj).

10. How much property does Sant Rampal ji Maharaj possess?
The sold-out media, as per their propaganda, tried to tarnish the image of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj (Baba Rampal Ji) before the general public by accusing Him of owning "huge property." The fact however is that Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj doesn’t have any property in His name.

Whatever donation comes, all the money is selflessly spent on providing facilities to all the devotees, who are millions in number. Free meals are provided in the Ashrams of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj 24*7 throughout all the days of the year, where anyone and everyone can have food (Prasad). Not only this, there is complete equality and there is no distinction between men and women, rich and poor, or on any other basis.

Kaaya teri hai nahi,
Maaya kahan se ho|
Charan kamal me dhyaan dharo,
In dono ko kho||

In this world, where every person runs a blind race for money, Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj is the only One who makes souls realize that let alone this fake currency, even our own body, which is the most valued possession, is left here in this mortal land. Therefore, we need to earn the real currency of true mantras that travels with the soul after it leaves the body. This is the true wealth that can be earned in the cover of a human being only — thereby making this human body the rarest of all possessions.

11. Which Holy Books are written by Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj?
The sold-out media, as per their propaganda, tried to tarnish the image of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj (Baba Rampal Ji) before the general public by accusing Him of owning "huge property." The fact however is that Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj doesn’t have any property in His name.

Whatever donation comes, all the money is selflessly spent on providing facilities to all the devotees, who are millions in number. Free meals are provided in the Ashrams of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj 24*7 throughout all the days of the year, where anyone and everyone can have food (Prasad). Not only this, there is complete equality and there is no distinction between men and women, rich and poor, or on any other basis.

Kaaya teri hai nahi,
Maaya kahan se ho|
Charan kamal me dhyaan dharo,
In dono ko kho||

In this world, where every person runs a blind race for money, Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj is the only One who makes souls realize that let alone this fake currency, even our own body, which is the most valued possession, is left here in this mortal land. Therefore, we need to earn the real currency of true mantras that travels with the soul after it leaves the body. This is the true wealth that can be earned in the cover of a human being only — thereby making this human body the rarest of all possessions.

12. Where is the ashram of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj?
By the divine grace of Almighty God Kabir, along with hundreds of Initiation (Naam Daan) Centers across the world, currently, there are eleven main Ashrams of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj in India and Nepal:

Satlok Ashram Dhanana Dham (Haryana)
Satlok Ashram Mundka (Delhi)
Satlok Ashram Kurukshetra (Haryana)
Satlok Ashram Bhiwani (Haryana)
Satlok Ashram Dhuri (Punjab)
Satlok Ashram Khamaano (Punjab)
Satlok Ashram Sojat (Rajasthan)
Satlok Ashram Shamli (Uttar Pradesh)
Satlok Ashram Betul (Madhya Pradesh)
Satlok Ashram Janakpur (Nepal)
Satlok Ashram Indore (Madhya Pradesh)
Satlok Ashram Sitapur (Uttar Pradesh)
Satlok Ashram Dhabalpuri (Maharashtra)

13. Where is Saint Rampal Ji maharaj present?
In the worldly view, at present, Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj is in Hisar prison, in the state of Haryana, India. The general public is misled that He is a culprit and has been given life imprisonment, whereas, the fact is that, He is no ordinary man and is playing the divine spectacle. Ask any of His devotees and you'll get to hear the same sentence from each of them — “Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj is always with us.”

Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj Ji has unbound power and He is there with every single devotee of His. After taking initiation from Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj, people receive all health and financial benefits, that seemed impossible to those souls earlier. This is because the worship provided by Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj is authentic & scripture-based and the power of His word is immense! Just like Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj used to grant all benefits to His devotees who stayed as per the spiritual boundaries earlier, similar is the case now as well.

Very soon, the entire world will realize the truth that Sant (Baba) Rampal Ji is the Complete Saint and is none other than Almighty God Kabir Himself.

14. How to contach Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj?
Almighty God Kabir and the immortal land of Satlok can be attained by following the true method of worship as imparted by the Real Guru, who is none other than Bandichhod Satguru Rampal Ji Maharaj. All pious souls who aspire to attain salvation are requested to kindly listen to the divine spiritual discourses of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj, which is the only truth in this world full of lies! After listening to the pious spiritual discourses, you can come under the shelter of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj by taking initiation (naam updesh) from Him. This is how you can get connected with Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj, who is always there with every child of His.

You can easily contact Satlok Ashram by visiting the Contact Us Page (Nofollow). Satlok Ashram is directed by Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj.

15. How to take name initiation from Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj?
The procedure to come under the shelter of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj Ji is very simple. Please visit the “Initiation page” to know the details. One very important point to be noted is that there are certain rules in the path of true worship, which have to be religiously followed by the devotees till their last breath. These rules have been mentioned on the “Boundaries of Worship. Please go through the same as well. After making sure that you will follow these rules, all the souls aspiring to take initiation are kindly requested to fill out the form Naam Diksha (Initiation) form or you can contact us at +918222880541-545. These numbers are available 24*7. An online name initiation facility is also available at every Naam Daan Center.

16. Is Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj, God Himself?
Yes, people who consider Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj an ordinary man are simply mistaken, as they haven’t listened to the heart-mending spiritual knowledge provided by Him. Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj is none other than Almighty God Kabir Himself, who is the Creator of entire universes and beyond and is our Actual Parent. This is the sole reason why Lord Kabir descends every now & then to take His souls back to the ever-happy and plentiful land of Satlok.


17. Prophecy of Nostradamus About Baba Rampal Ji
Nostradamus has talked about revolutionary transformations that will be brought about by the Great Chyren (Religious Leader) in his predictions. He has said that a Golden era is soon to emerge when people of the entire world will realize who the Real God is and will worship Him only by coming under the refuge of that Chyren. Not just this, Nostradamus has even mentioned that a false case regarding contempt will be charged against the Great Chyren. According to Nostradamus’s predictions, the Great Saint will form equal rules and equal regulations and will not discriminate among genders, wealth, castes, and creeds. He will not let injustice happen to anyone.

All of this in itself proves that Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj is the Chyren about whom Nostradamus has predicted, who is tirelessly working for the welfare of humankind. He is the only Guru who does not discriminate between people and has formed equal rules for all. Also, Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj is the One on whom a false case regarding contempt has been charged. Most importantly, Saint Rampal Ji has provided the true method of worship after following which devotees receive health, financial, and spiritual benefits.

Many other famous astrologers have also predicted Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj in their prophecies, highlighting the fact that He alone is our Liberator. The details regarding the same have been mentioned in the following write-up — “The Prophecy of 'Nostradamus' about Saint Rampal Ji”

Busy people living a care-free life in this sorrowful world, please take note of these words —

Karlo Guru vakeel, mukadma bhaari hai.

Only the Real Saint can act as our lawyer in the court of God, where lies are not acceptable and justice surely prevails. Numerous are the bad deeds in our account; the ultimate power to strike them off lies in the hands of the Real Saint.

Satguru milein to ichha metein,
Padd mil pade samaana.
Chal hansa us lok pathaun,
Jo aadi amar asthaana!

Only by coming under Saint Rampal Ji’s refuge, can the worldly desires end and we can attain the immortal abode, Satlok with His grace only.

Also, Almighty Lord Kabir has mentioned in His divine speech —

Yug sattar Hum gyaan dein,
Jeev na samjheya ek.
Garibdas ghar ghar firein,
Dharein Kabira bhesh!

Almighty Lord Kabir is waiting for His beloved souls to recognize their Actual Parent, their real Caretaker. To take His souls back to the immortal abode, Supreme God Kabir descends every now & then to impart His true spiritual knowledge. Lord Kabir came on earth in the pious land of Kashi (Varanasi), India, about 600 years back, and we were not able to recognize Him because we were uneducated at that time. But presently, everybody is educated and we can see what is written in our Holy Books and scriptures. No matter what religion you belong to currently, the Holy books of every religion prove one fact — Lord Kabir is the Almighty God, whose status was restricted to that of a poet. Do not repeat this mistake as this is the golden opportunity to fly back to the ever-happy abode.

With folded hands, we sincerely request all of you to listen to the divine spiritual discourses of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj. Come under His refuge by taking initiation and make your human life successful.

18. What is Satlok
Satlok is the place where SatPurush (the Supreme God) lives.

19. who were Nal and Neel?
Nal and Neel were maternal cousins and Brahmins. They were sculptors and played a role in helping Lord Ramchandra by sculpting rocks to build a bridge. Guru of Nal and Neel was Sage Muninder.
